hey everybody what's up guys got one
came here to watch how to make homemade
I pump for a basketball brand-new ball
well you need a needle would cost like
aside for buy boom on eBay and leave
like this cord thing and there's one
that comes with it but that one was like
all dried up and it kept breaking so I
put this new one on which was like 50
cents and that was for a longer strip so
then you're gonna need one of these old
foot poms
yup and foot pumps are probably like 15
bucks but if you have an old one laying
around it's easy way and not like you're
breaking it or anything
you can't putting a needle on the end
and taping it first I put a c-clamp
that's why there's like a bump right
here but then it started leaking so I
put a duct tape around it and down here
there's this screw um I'm trying to
figure out look cuz air always leaks out
of there I'm not sure if that's supposed
to and right here you might think you
need to tape it cuz they're just sitting
on there and you don't you might depends
on how big the thing is well mine was
really hard to put on as you can see the
little bumps in there and I it's pretty
much all you have to do to make it I was
trying to figure out how to make one too
and then I thought of this nothing okay
made it okay make sure you guys comment
rate and subscribe